# eTaka Mobile Application
<<<<<<< HEAD
Elaborating on the problem, Soil is the most important part of any agriculture practice. A lot of things depend on soil characteristics like Soil Type, Fertility, Chemical Compositions, Moisture, Temperature etc. Hence, soil tests become very important part of farming and agriculture. Farmers test their soil from time to time at laboratory. But these laboratory soil tests take a lot of efforts including digging soil, travelling to nearest laboratory, waiting time, labour charges, machine charges etc. This process is very lengthy, time consuming and resource intensive. Therefore, Government of India wanted something through which farmer can do soil test from comfort of their home. So, we solved this problem using technologies like remote sensing, image processing, and software engineering. We introduced "eTaka: A Soil Health and Fertility Solution". 'eTaka'[Means soil in Lugandian language] is the mobile and webapp through which farmers can check fertility of their soil very easily and within a minute. How we achieved this? We utilized remote sensing to achieve this. We used global soil map developed by ISRIC to get soil chemical composition and used Machine Learning to predict the fertility of soil. The accuracy of the machine learning algorithm to predict fertility is 97.5%. We also provide crop recommendation based on chemical compositions. Also, for crop recommendation the accuracy is 96%. Not only limited to soil health and crops but we also provide features for wellbeing of farmers. We propose forums like StackOverFlow for farmers where farmers can communicate about problems in agriculture. We educate farmers about government schemes available. And a lot more features we can build around this. This is the solution/hack that India needs because India's huge population depends on farming for their livelihood. This is the impact and value we want to add and a change we want to bring with our solution. Thank You
=======
This is the main repo of mobile application of eTaka.
Link to Repo of backend API: https://github.com/Sarwesh2003/eTaka.git
Link to Repo of Web App: https://github.com/ishan-18/Hackathon/tree/master
>>>>>>> 7f43799f4e75264befc2ba6a324c9bf3ff6b940f
